it was going on everyone it's the best
man on fire and today I'm here on my
minecraft server and I'm making a an
announcement this minecraft server is
now officially public it is port
forwarded it's ready for anyone to get
on I will be currently holding open
twenty twenty eight slots actually
twenty about 24 slots anybody can get on
you have to have a legit copy minecraft
which means you have to bought the game
for one month I will be opening up the
server that means until march eight
anybody will be able to get on after
that I'll decide you know what we're
going to do but anybody can get on you
know it's gonna the server hours are
seven a.m. eastern time to 11 p.m.
eastern time they that was of a are the
server hours unless we get put on a
dedicated server which is an option I'm
currently working on that actually I'm
in the process of actually moving it up
to a dedicated server which is like
server craft where it will be run 24 7
but not official yet because it does
cost money but we'll talk about that
later so if anyone wants to get on i
encourage you to get on my minecraft
server you can come check it out you
will have to be made builder in order in
order to build in this world this is
going to be a survival server in the
survival world you will collect items
just like regular survival you will go
to the shop sell your items and if you
build up enough cash you can buy some
some materials and you can come build
any creative world so when you come on a
server this is the first place that you
will come you're going to come right out
of here and to your left is going to be
the rules these rules are the main this
is what the server is about you have to
read all these rules let's give you all
the information we are accepting
donations you don't have to you
don't have to it really doesn't matter
to me that'd be the only way that will
be put on a dedicated server if we get
some donations but all these rules do
apply so over here is a portal it looks
like another portal but it's not it is
actually a survival portal you go
through here and it will bring you to
the survival world this is where you
will spend your time at the shop is
protected so you know you can't grief it
you can't you know steal the materials I
do have a plug-in that I do protect
stuff with spawn is protected a lot of
other things are protected so this is
where you will come out it's just pure
survival here is the shop just go in
here and in order to buy an item it'll
be right here it'll have to be like
it'll say admin shop the amount and then
the price that you will be buying it for
so i want to buy cobblestone I go up to
this sign and I left or sorry right
click and I get 64 cobblestone for five
dollars if I want to sell I left click
on the cell signs and I sell it for five
dollars as you build up your survival
you can come to the shop you can sell
tons of items you know get tons of money
and buy a bunch of items and you can
come back into the main world and you
can build into the creative oil than
built it's going to be this world is
going to be for admins I mean you can
hang out around here you know do
whatever but you will not be made
builder in this world you will have to
come to the survival world one of my
admins me or one of my animals will
escort you to the survival will that
make you builder there but you will not
be a builder inside of the creative
world and I'm going to tell this guy
you you will not be able to build in
this world so it you know just as time
goes on you might be able to but this
portal is where you will you will come
out of so this is the best man on fire
I'm here with my port forwarded
minecraft server so i highly encourage
you guys to come on my minecraft server
and if you do like this stuff please
subscribe it will benefit you in the end
i promise you it will benefit you if you
do subscribe because it helps me and it
helps you even more you will i'll return
the favor for you trust me i will so i
just want to say thank you for watching
the videos and thank you for all the
support for other people who are
supporting me and this is best man a
fire peace out